README.md, before:

# A2-Group7

To run the program please open the "RunThis" file from within the A2-Group7-main folder. This is the same folder that contains this ReadMe file.

Using the program

To use the program, you must first create an account. 
To do this, please enter choice "3. Create Account" when prompted at the main menu.
If you would like to exit the program at this stage, please choose "4.Exit".

Creating an account

1. To create an account from the main menu please choose "3. Create account".
2. Then, please select, option "1. Staff". 

Please note: Staff that require the Technician role must be added to the system by an administrator. If you require this kind of access, please contact your administrator.

2. When prompted, please enter your name. 
3. Next, please enter your email address. Please note: this must be a valid email address.
4. Enter your contact phone number.
5. Enter the password that you would like to use. Please note: Your password must be at least 20 characters in length and contain Upper and Lowercase characters and a number.

Logging in to the system

1. When prompted, please enter your name exactly as you typed it when you created your account.
2. Enter the password you set during account creation.

If you have forgotten your password

1. From the main menu, please choose "2. Reset Password"
2. Enter your Name **This needs to be updated**

Using the Ticket menu
1. Once you are logged in, you can choose option "1. Example" to view an example choice.
2. To return to the main menu choose "2. Logout"
3. To exit the program choose "3. Exit"

Commit message:

fixed a bug with password reset added option to return to previous menu replaced scanner with console manager updated readme.md

README.md, after:

# A2-Group7

To run the program please open the "RunThis" file from within the A2-Group7-main folder. This is the same folder that contains this ReadMe file.

## Using the program

To use the program, you must first create an account (refer to [Creating an account](#creating-an-account)).

*Note: You can type x at any time to return to the previous menu.*

If you would like to exit the program at this stage, please choose "4. Exit".

### Creating an account

1. Choose "3. Create account" from the main menu.
2. Select a role from the list presented.
2. Enter your name. 
3. Enter your email address. Please note: this must be a valid email address.
4. Enter your contact phone number.
5. Enter the password that you would like to use. 

*Note: Staff that require the Technician role must be added to the system by an administrator. If you require this kind of access, please contact your administrator.*

*Note: Your password must be at least 20 characters in length and contain Upper and Lowercase characters and a number.*

### Logging in to the system

1. Choose "1. Login" from the main menu.
1. Enter your name exactly as you typed it when you created your account.
2. Enter the password you set during account creation.

### Resetting your password

1. Choose "2. Reset Password" from the main menu.
2. Enter your name exactly as you typed it when you created your account.
3. Enter a new password.

## Using the Ticket menu

Once you are logged in, you can choose from the following options:

1. Example - view an example choice.
2. Logout - return to the main menu.
3. Exit - exit the program.
